Add note about VSCode warning for SCSS files (#9609)
jekyll/jekyll: docs/_docs/configuration/sass.md

You can further configure the plugin by adding options to your Jekyll config under the `sass` attribute. See the [plugin's documentation](https://github.com/jekyll/jekyll-sass-converter#usage) for details and for its default values.

{:.note .info}

> **Note:** If you see a warning in VSCode regarding `@import "main";`, it is a known issue with VSCode and does not affect the functionality of the SCSS code in Jekyll. For more details, see [this discussion](https://talk.jekyllrb.com/t/an-error-in-styles-scss-which-should-be-ignored/8264) and [VSCode issue](https://github.com/microsoft/vscode-cpptools/issues/1231).
> 
> 
> 

Reviewer: The discussions you have linked to are not related to the issue.

```suggestion
If you see a warning in VSCode regarding `@import "main";`, you may ignore it as the same does not affect the functionality of the SCSS code in Jekyll. However, Jekyll 4 does not allow importing a `main` sass partial (`_sass/main.scss`) from a sass page of a same name, viz. `css/main.scss`.

```
